[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital typing, beeping]
IS ANYBODY OUT THERE
[unintelligible chatter]
[Sissi] "A horrible tragedy
may explain the rumor
that there's a ghost
at the heart of Kadic Academy!
Back in 1905,
while the building was under construction,
one of the workers, Leon Courbet,
is said to have
been buried alive in the foundations…"
-[Herb groans]
-"…in the boiler room, to be precise!"
[chuckles]
Now do you believe me?
-Get real.
-[bell rings]
[Bridgette] Emily: 77! Good work.
Jeanne: 87… Very good!
Elisabeth! A quadrilateral is not
a quadrant you do later.
-Ten.
-Hmm…
Jeremy! I deducted two points for
the ketchup stain on your diagram: 98!
Huh?
Ulrich! There's some good but not enough
to make up for what's bad: 58.
[sighs]
Herb: 93. Excellent! Not as good
as Jeremy, but excellent nevertheless.
-[Bridgette] Odd…
-"Meet me in the boiler room at midnight,
Sissi."
Hmm…
[Jim] May I remind you
that in the evening,
girls and boys are
prohibited from straying
from their respective floors!
OK!
For any of you who might be thinking
of trying to pull anything,
remember that the floors are
different from each other
in that they are either upstairs from
or downstairs from the one above.
Girls are upstairs and boys, downstairs.
Comings and goings
from upstairs to downstairs
and from downstairs to upstairs
-are strictly forbidden.
-[yawns]
If I ever catch anyone going
from downstairs upstairs
or anyone going
from upstairs to downstairs
he or she is really going
to regret it stairs.
You've been warned. Dismissed!
[theme music]
[tense music]
Hmm…
[Sissi] Password?
[gasps]
You didn't give me one.
Correct! Come in.
Isn't this a bit square for you?
[Sissi] It's a not a square.
It's a "tempagram"!
-Pentagram!
-Whatever…
Thanks to this, and my psychic powers,
I'm going to conjure up the spirit
of that poor Leon Courbet.
I'm sure if we communicate with him,
he can finally rest in peace!
I can't wait to see this.
OK, now stand in the pentagram with me!
We will bring together
our Ping and Pong energy.
And summon up the dead man's ghost.
You know what?
I think you forgot the paddles!
[laughs]
-Huh?
-[Sissi humphs]
Ah! And now, let the ceremony begin.
De profundis tenebrae!
I summon you, Leon Courbet!
Oh!
Yes, Leon, I'm listening…
-[screams]
Don't step out of the pentagram, Ulrich!
It protects us! Um… Leon Courbet?
Huh!
Darn it, he's gone.
He doesn't want to speak to me!
[grunts]
Behind you, Ulrich!
-[growls]
-[screams]
-[Sissi gasps]
-[Ulrich screams]
[screams]
-[growling]
-Let's go, quick.
[Sissi groans]
-[Ulrich grunts]
-[Sissi groans]
[grunting]
-Come on.
-[gasps]
-It was horrible, Jim. I swear it's true.
-[Herb] No, let me tell you. I mean…
Come on, you two, calm down.
The ghost of Leon Courbet
came after us in the boiler room, Jim.
If anyone is after you two,
it's a gym teacher in a track suit,
holding a red pen which he's gonna use
to give you four hours of detention!
[Ulrich] We'd better go upstairs fast.
Sissi, you'd better go back to your room.
No! Don't leave me all by myself, please.
-Shh… Alright. Come in then.
-Aw!
-Wait for me here. I'll be back.
-Huh?
Am I dreaming or what?
I'm scared, Odd.
Mind if I sit near you?
Huh! It's just a nightmare
and soon I'm gonna wake up.
-Jeremy!
-Hmm…
I think that XANA has launched an attack!
Hmm… Laptop.
[Jeremy] We'll know in a minute.
[computer chirping]
No… There are no activated towers.
It looks we've got a real ghost
on our hands then.
What?
[yells]
Hmm…
Someone around here is gonna be
in real trouble!
Hmm!
[groans and yells]
So, Leon's ghost came out of the boiler
and he was so ugly that even
Nicolas and Herb started screaming.
-[Jim screaming]
-Huh?
[Jim screaming]
[both gasp]
[screams]
[Jim grunts]
-[Odd] Jim!
-Ah! Oh!
-You OK, Jim?
-[groans] Yeah, yeah, I'm alright.
-[Ulrich] What's that noise?
-Huh?
[Odd] I don't know,
but it's getting closer.
[all groaning]
[screams]
-[Odd screaming]
-[Ulrich grunting]
-[Ulrich and Odd screaming]
-Huh?
-[gaps]
-You saw right.
The monster depixelized when I hit it!
It's gotta be one of XANA's!
So why didn't
the Super-scan pick it up then?
I wish I knew. We'd better
head for the factory.
Let's get Aelita!
[whimpers in fear and gasps]
[Sissi whimpers in fear]
[screams, whimpers and cries]
Huh?
[sighs]
[groans]
[mobile ringing]
-Hello?
-It's me! There's a big emergency!
-Meet us at the factory.
-[Yumi through phone] Got it!
Jeremy?
Aelita.
[screams]
-Jeremy!
-[screaming]
-[Jeremy screaming]
-[both gasp]
[groans]
Yah!
[screaming]
[breathing heavily]
Hey, this is not time to hang around.
[theme music]
[all panting]
[gasps]
[tense music]
Hurry! It's coming.
[gasps]
[mechanical whirring]
-What took you so long?
-XANA's attacking us,
but the Superscan didn't detect anything.
-Do you believe in ghosts?
-No.
Wrong answer.
-[computer keys clatter]
-Hey, that's weird.
XANA's managed to corrupt the Superscan.
There's an activated tower,
but it can't detect it.
Right, so what do we do now?
Yumi and Aelita, get to Sector Five
as quickly as you can,
and try to fix the Superscan.
Odd and Ulrich, in the meantime,
you can check out the other Sectors.
With a little luck, you'll be able to spot
the activated tower!
Negative!
The spectre will strike back soon.
I'm staying with you!
Well, OK.
[Jeremy] I'll launch the process.
-[Jeremy] Transfer Aelita!
-[digital whirring]
[Jeremy through computer] Transfer, Yumi!
Transfer Odd!
[Jeremy] Virtualization!
[all gasp]
[chuckles] Nice to see you
without your pajamas on.
[humphs]
Nice of you to notice.
[hums]
Jeremy, I'm gonna need a…
OK, forget it.
[groans]
Later!
[both gasping and panting]
[both groaning and panting]
[Yumi] Can you bring up
the Transporter, Jeremy?
[Jeremy] It's on the way.
[computer chirping]
[whooshing]
[digital chirping]
[upbeat music]
-[computer chirping]
-[Jeremy] The countdown has started.
Remember, you only have
three minutes to find the key.
Jeremy?
-[Jeremy] What do we do?
-Come on.
[groans]
[Odd] Whoa!
[Odd] The desert looks normal.
I'll move on to another Sector.
[panting]
[pants] Can't shake him.
[Jeremy] There's no point running.
He'll catch us every time.
[Ulrich] Huh, you've got a better idea?
[both groaning and panting]
[both panting and groaning]
I see the key.
-[Aelita gasps]
-[Yumi groans]
Too good to be true.
[gasps]
Look out!
[both groaning]
[grunts]
[screams]
Yumi!
[groaning]
-[Aelita groaning]
-[Yumi grunts]
[both sigh]
[Aelita] Jeremy, how much time
do we have left?
-[digital whirring]
-[Aelita through computer] Jeremy? Jeremy?
[growls]
[Yumi] This is getting creepy.
Great, that's all we needed.
[grunting]
Huh?
Darn it, still no activated tower.
-[growls]
-Yah!
[Yumi groans] That must be jinxed.
Wait. I have an idea.
[ethereal music]
Alright, I kind of get it.
[both groan]
[lasers blasting]
[Aelita gasps]
[computer blipping]
-[lasers blasting]
-[growls]
[grunting]
[digital whirring]
[computer chirping]
[lasers blasting]
[Yumi]
Shouldn't something be happening here?
[both groan]
[lasers blasting]
-No!
-Concentrate.
There's still time to get out of here.
Hmm…
[lasers blasting]
[groans]
[Yumi groans and grunts]
[Yumi groans]
[theme music]
[tense music]
[screams]
Ulrich, I would like a little help
right now.
[screams]
-[growls]
-[mechanical footsteps]
Hmm… Where there's smoke…
[upbeat music]
[gasping and panting]
Come on, Yumi. You can make it.
[panting]
[Yumi yells]
Yumi!
[groans]
Jeremy, we didn't get the key,
I'm all alone.
-[yells and grunts]
-[spectre roaring]
[Jeremy and Ulrich screaming]
[electricity crackles]
Oh, man, he was a tough one.
Let's get to the factory.
The others probably need us.
[laughs]
Jeremy, I've found the tower. Jeremy?
-[lasers blasting]
-[groans]
-[tarantula roaring]
-[Odd groaning]
[lasers blasting]
[tarantula roaring]
[groans]
[keeps groaning]
[sighs relieved]
Jeremy, what's going on?
[both groaning and panting]
[screams]
Don't panic, I'll get you out of there.
[grunts]
-Yah!
-[Jeremy screams]
[screaming]
[lasers blasting]
Jeremy,
I don't like the look of this.
[Odd grunts and yells]
[gasps]
Yumi!
Aelita is all alone in the Arena.
Hurry up.
[nods]
-[pants in fear] Jeremy!
-[roar]
[gasps]
[groans]
Jeremy!
Jeremy? Ulrich?
[Aelita through computer] Help me!
[gasps]
Oh, man.
How does this thing work?
Well, Fritz Ungelbert has done it again.
His third straight title.
What a champ. It's amazing!
Wow! He even has TV on his computer.
-[Aelita through computer] Jeremy!
-Huh? No, it's not Jeremy. It's Odd.
Odd, type in the code: "Scipio." Quick!
Ah… I'd love to, but… how?
[Aelita through computer]
Third window on the second screen.
OK, I got it.
[Odd] S-C-I-P-I-O. There!
[gasps]
Aelita, I've spotted the activated tower
in the North-West part of the Ice Sector!
[Aelita through computer]
OK, I'll go, but… where is Jeremy?
-And Ulrich?
-Hmm… No idea.
I'll go look for them.
[panting]
Yah!
[groans and screams]
[both screaming]
[theme music]
[gasps]
[tarantulas roar]
[grunting]
-[lasers blasting]
-[Aelita groaning]
-[panting]
-[lasers blasting]
[roars]
[beeping]
[grunts]
[both screaming]
Yah!
Whoa! Not feeling so cocky now, are we?
[screams and grunts]
[groans and grunts]
[digital whirring]
[beeping]
[both screaming]
[both groan]
Tower deactivated.
[whimpers and grunts]
You OK, guys? Say something.
"Something."
Hey, no stealing my jokes, OK?
[theme music]
Since we didn't fix the Superscanner
in Sector Five,
we have no choice.
We've got to return in time.
Return to the past now.
And now, let the ceremony begin.
De profundis tenebrae!
-De profundis tenebrae!
-Hmm…
De profundis tenebrae.
I summon you,
Leon Courbet!
[spooky voice] Who dares call my name?
Hmm… I do.
[spooky voice] Beat it, Miss Delmas!
-You don't know who you're dealing with.
-Huh?
[spooky voice] Scram!
[Herb and Nicolas scream]
[screams]
[Ulrich] You can come out now.
-Well…
-Yeah!
I don't think she's gonna try
to wake the dead again.
[both laughing]
[spooky music]
[spooky roar]
[theme music]